Add tip about using inspector for SSE (#253)
quarkiverse/quarkus-mcp-server: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

However, `--network=host` does not work for Mac and Windows.
Mac and Windows developers will need to export the default MCP inspector port (`5137`) and use the `host.docker.internal` special DNS name instead of `localhost` in the Server connection pane UI.

> TIP: When inspecting a server that uses the HTTP/SSE transport, you need to configure the proper path in the MCP inspector. The path should be `${quarkus.mcp.server.sse.root-path}/sse` (so `/mcp/sse` by default)

Author: Makes sense!

> TIP: When inspecting a server that uses the "Streamable HTTP" or HTTP/SSE transport, you need to configure the proper path in the MCP inspector. The path should be `${quarkus.mcp.server.sse.root-path}/sse` (so `/mcp/sse` by default)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP: When inspecting a server that uses the "Streamable HTTP" or HTTP/SSE transport, you need to configure the proper path in the MCP inspector. The path should be  `${quarkus.mcp.server.sse.root-path}` for "Streamable HTTP" and `${quarkus.mcp.server.sse.root-path}/sse` for HTTP/SSE; i.e. `/mcp` and `/mcp/sse` by default.
```
